you bring up a good point as these teams
were actually quite the rivalry here in
the earlier to be the late 80s Early 90s
when both of them were in the Carolina
conference they traded conference
championships they're back and forth for
a while then High Point kind of broke
away from that end up going be one as
UNC Pembroke is kind of stayed put as
they will now make the move to d2 this
year that as we now get ready to start
off here with high for controlling the
tip cuz there's a lot for coil all
goodbye ground hello sky leu that was
phenomenal offensive she will look to
get some action also I'll back out on
the floor as Jarius Sims a young
freshman from winston-salem as Nick
barber connecting on that three-pointer
raining delivery and that's definitely a
communication error that's the first
thing that UNC Pembroke needs to fix it
they're gonna of any hope of getting
back in this match as Jairus Simms
checks in now for high point terrace
drives kicks it back out the barber for
three got it making it rain UNC Pembroke
5223 as they now come down with 11
seconds left to go on the shot clock
with Nick barber now with it out in the
cornerback darius sims now over the
harris with five seconds to go pull up
jumper or got it he got it
well congratulations to Jean Harris with
that basket now a member right at 1000
just as Barbara will take it he'll get
it into sentence Sims back to Barbara I
will not be surprised if Barbara takes
the last second shot here he's had the
hot hand recently he's going to look for
some room she'll get it for three as the
time will expire he got it great singles
and drives this is a download of bridges
for the tomb and hard drove is now given
the task of okay you made the two throws
now you gotta stop barber barber comes
off the screen from Harris for three got
it and that is a career-high now for
Nick barber 35 points as he correct has
now 35 points in the game could you
smell for down a good defensive rebound
from them right there using that
wingspan to snare on cox ends up with it
drives the pool or hangs in the lanes
got it for to as high point we'll watch
the last few seconds here tick away and
they will take it 104 is 72 all in all a
lot of good things to take away from it
but a lot of stuff you got to straighten
up before you get to wake forest typing
right again takes it 104 to 72